Crust is not good.Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.Would not go back.The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.Waitress was a little slow in service.did not like at all.The Burrittos Blah!They never brought a salad we asked for.The worst was the salmon sashimi.This was like the final blow!Service sucks.There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.It's too bad the food is so damn generic.The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.The service was meh.The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.The turkey and roast beef were bland.The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.say bye bye to your tip lady!We'll never go again.It was not good.It was pretty gross!I've had better atmosphere.Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...I wouldn't return.This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.The management is rude.Don't do it!!!!The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.I give it 2 thumbs downWe watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.We waited for forty five minutes in vain.